:book: update hetzner-baremetal guide (#1182)
syself/cluster-api-provider-hetzner: docs/topics/hetzner-baremetal.md

```

As of now, our cluster manifest lives in `my-cluster.yaml` file and we will apply this at a later stage after preparing secrets and ssh-keys.

### Preparing Hetzner Robot

1. Create a new web service user. [Here](https://robot.your-server.de/preferences/index), you can define a password and copy your user name.
2. Generate an SSH key. You can either upload it via Hetzner Robot UI or just rely on the controller to upload a key that it does not find in the robot API. This is possible, as you have to store the public and private key together with the SSH key's name in a secret that the controller reads.

For this tutorial, we will let the controller upload keys to hetzner robot.

### Creating new user in Robot 
To create new user in Robot, click on the `Create User` button in the Hetzner Robot console. Once you create the new user, a user ID will be provided to you via email from Hetzner Robot. The password will be the same that you used while creating the user.

![robot user](../pics/robot_user.png)

This is a required for following the next step.

### creating and verify ssh-key in hcloud 
```bash

> hcloud ssh-key create --name test --public-key-from-file ~/.ssh/test.pub

Reviewer: what is "test"? I think you forgot a step where you generate an ssh key called "test"

# to verify use 
hcloud ssh-key list
```
This is an important step as the ssh key is used to access the servers. Make sure you are using the correct ssh key name.

The `test` is the name of the ssh key that we have created above. It is because the generated manifest references `test` as the ssh key name. 
```yaml
  sshKeys:
    hcloud:
    - name: test
```

> ### Create a secret for Hetzner (Hcloud + Robot)

Reviewer: We create two secrets here, not only the "hetzner" one

- HETZNER_ROBOT_PASSWORD: The Robot Password you have set in Robot under settings/web.
- HETZNER_SSH_PUB_PATH: The Path to your generated Public SSH Key.
- HETZNER_SSH_PRIV_PATH: The Path to your generated Private SSH Key. This is needed because CAPH uses this key to provision the node in Hetzner Dedicated.

```shell
kubectl create secret generic hetzner --from-literal=hcloud=$HCLOUD_TOKEN --from-literal=robot-user=$HETZNER_ROBOT_USER --from-literal=robot-password=$HETZNER_ROBOT_PASSWORD

kubectl create secret generic robot-ssh --from-literal=sshkey-name=test --from-file=ssh-privatekey=$HETZNER_SSH_PRIV_PATH --from-file=ssh-publickey=$HETZNER_SSH_PUB_PATH
```

> NOTE: sshkey-name should must match the name that is present in hetzner otherwise the controller will not know how to reach the machine.

Patch the created secrets so that they get automatically moved to the target cluster later. The following command helps you do that:

```shell
kubectl patch secret hetzner -p '{"metadata":{"labels":{"clusterctl.cluster.x-k8s.io/move":""}}}'
kubectl patch secret robot-ssh -p '{"metadata":{"labels":{"clusterctl.cluster.x-k8s.io/move":""}}}'
```

> The secret name and the tokens can also be customized in the cluster template.

Reviewer: doesn't the cluster object have some pre-conditions on how the ssh keys are named? Currently, this is not described. Probably we have hard-coded it on "test" right?

Reviewer 2: We've hardcoded it in the template.

Reviewer: so mention it in the docs ;)

```

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f my-cluster.yaml
kubeadmconfigtemplate.bootstrap.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-0 created
kubeadmconfigtemplate.bootstrap.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-1 created
cluster.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster created
machinedeployment.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-0 created
machinedeployment.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-1 created
machinehealthcheck.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-control-plane-unhealthy-5m created
machinehealthcheck.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-0-unhealthy-5m created
machinehealthcheck.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-1-unhealthy-5m created
kubeadmcontrolplane.controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-control-plane created
hcloudmachinetemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-control-plane created
hcloudmachinetemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-0 created
hcloudremediationtemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/control-plane-remediation-request created
hcloudremediationtemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/worker-remediation-request created
hetznerbaremetalmachinetemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster-md-1 created
hetznercluster.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/my-cluster created
```

> ### Creating Object Manifests

Reviewer: It doesn't make sense IMO to do this after creating the cluster.. I think we should have the following order:
1. Preparing provider
2. Creating management cluster
3. Creating secrets in management cluster
4. Creating host objects in mgt cluster
5. Creating workload cluster

Next, you need to create a `HetznerBareMetalHost` object for each bare metal server that you bought and specify its server ID in the specs. Below is a sample manifest for HetznerBareMetalHost object.

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: HetznerBareMetalHost
metadata:
  name: "caph-baremetal-server"
  namespace: default
spec:
  description: CAPH BareMetal Server
  serverID: <ID-of-your-server> # please check robot console
  rootDeviceHints:

>     wwn: eui.002538bb31006f91

Reviewer: don't hard-code this. Make it at least with <>

  maintenanceMode: false
```

If you already know the WWN of the storage device you want to choose for booting, specify it in the `rootDeviceHints` of the object. If not, you can apply the workload cluster and one of the HetznerBareMetalMachine will select one of the host and the host will start provisioning without specifying the WWN, and then wait for the bare metal hosts to show an error.

For example, let's consider a `HetznerBareMetalHost` object without specify it's WWN.

```yaml
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: HetznerBareMetalHost
metadata:
  name: "caph-baremetal-server"
  namespace: default
spec:
  description: CAPH BareMetal Server
  serverID: <ID-of-your-server> # please check robot console
  maintenanceMode: false
```
In the above server, we have not specified the WWN of the server and we have applied it in the cluster. One HetznerBareMetalMachine will pick up this host and will start provisioning.

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: this sentence or the scenario we consider where the wwn is not specified.

> ```bash

Reviewer: this is only about hetznerbaremetalmachine.. That's a side-note that I don't think is so important that we have to mention it in the quickstart, that's all!

$ kubectl get hetznerbaremetalmachines -A
default     my-cluster-md-1-tgvl5   my-cluster   default/test-bm-gpu    my-cluster-md-1-t9znj-694hs   Provisioning   16m   StillProvisioning   host is still provisioning - state "registering"
```
After a while, you will see that there is an error in provisioning of `HetznerBareMetalHost` object that you just applied above. The error will look the following: 
```bash
$ kubectl get hetznerbaremetalhost -A
default     my-cluster-md-1-tgvl5   my-cluster   default/test-bm-gpu    my-cluster-md-1-t9znj-694hs   Provisioning   23m   ValidationFailed   no root device hints specified
```

After you see the error, describe the `HetznerBareMetalHost` object and then you will find the `wwn` of the server in the status of the `HetznerBareMetalHost` resource.

```yaml
      Storage:

>         Hctl:             2:0:0:0

Reviewer: and it is not well readable

In order for the provider integration hetzner to communicate with the Hetzner API ([HCloud API](https://docs.hetzner.cloud/) + [Robot API](https://robot.your-server.de/doc/webservice/en.html#preface)), we need to create secrets with the access data. The secret must be in the same namespace as the other CRs.

> We create two secrets named `hetzner` for hcloud and `robot-ssh` for hetzner and robot services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We create two secrets named `hetzner` for Hetzner Cloud and Robot API access and `robot-ssh` for provisioning bare metal servers via SSH.
```

In the above case, you can use any of the four disks available to you on a baremetal server. 

### Creating Workload Cluster 

> Since we have already created secret in hetzner robot, hcloud and ssh-keys as secret in management cluster, we can now apply the cluster.

Reviewer: can you mention again that secrets and ssh key names are hard-coded and have to be named properly? You mention it now shortly above but there is no connection that it is hard-coded here in the template
